# KittenRescueMission
Summary:
This project is a text based game that resembles a choose your own adventure. There is a mother cat(class), whose kittens were stolen by a human and she goes on a mission to find them. On her journey, she finds a dragon(class) egg, which she raises as her own. Once the dragon is old enough, she takes him out to help her locate and rescue her kittens. Along the journey, the mother cat is allowed to make decisions that will determine the course of the game. She will also be faced with humans (enemies)(class), whom she will have to fight. She can choose to set her dragon on them, which guarantees her victory, but she is only allowed to use her dragon once. If she does not use the dragon, she must fight them herself by either meowing or attacking. The winner will be determined by comparing the levels of the cat and the human. If the cat loses, she loses a life (which she has 9 of for the whole game). If the human loses, it dies and the cat progresses in the story. If the cat loses all of her lives, she has lost her kittens and must try to play again. Peridoicaly, the cat gains a new clue that brings her one step closer to the kittens. After the clue is presented, the cat will follow the clue. If the cat is successful, the game will end with a reunited cat family that has a new pet dragon. If the cat loses at any point, she will be given the chance to start over.

How to Play:
Your ultimate goal is to save your family. Read the storyline and answer the questions that it poses by typing and then pressing enter. You have 9 lives and will level up with every victory. Each time you level up, you get stronger against the enemy. 
